We can also do destructuring of nested arrays so in other words is going to be really similar.
But at the same time simpler than what we did with object literals and object the structuring.
So let's say I have some colors here will do colors and we'll do like red and we'll do an array of balloons
blue or let's do sky blue and then Dodger blue and then Navy and after that we'll throw it outside of
we'll do green like so in order to structure this it'll be pretty simple.
We'll just do it let destructuring what do first color.
And then I'm going to assign it to colors like so and then in order to get to the nested part what I'll
do is a comma.
It's the second item in the array.
But now I want to nest into that.
So I'll do let's say second color here color and then maybe I want to skip this one so I'll skip out
of that and then I'll do third color like so third color.
And then outside of this nest right here I'll hop over and I'll do fourth color like so and then obviously
I can print these out.
I want to.
But you'll see that result regardless.
So in this case I'll just copy this and then delete a couple of things.
So just copy this into your consulate log.
And then after that I can just delete delete and then delete like so and you can see it does a great
job of skipping over Dodger blue.
So pretty much the same syntax.
Just to mess down into another array specify another bracket.